d:\users\james gordon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TurnbacedTileEngine\TurnbacedTileEngine\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Blank.xnb
d:\users\james gordon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TurnbacedTileEngine\TurnbacedTileEngine\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Land.xnb
d:\users\james gordon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TurnbacedTileEngine\TurnbacedTileEngine\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Post.xnb
d:\users\james gordon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TurnbacedTileEngine\TurnbacedTileEngine\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Power.xnb
d:\users\james gordon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TurnbacedTileEngine\TurnbacedTileEngine\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Rough.xnb
d:\users\james gordon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TurnbacedTileEngine\TurnbacedTileEngine\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\TurnbacedTileEngine.exe
d:\users\james gordon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TurnbacedTileEngine\TurnbacedTileEngine\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\TurnbacedTileEngine.pdb
d:\users\james gordon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TurnbacedTileEngine\TurnbacedTileEngine\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.dll
d:\users\james gordon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TurnbacedTileEngine\TurnbacedTileEngine\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.dll
d:\users\james gordon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TurnbacedTileEngine\TurnbacedTileEngine\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.dll
d:\users\james gordon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TurnbacedTileEngine\TurnbacedTileEngine\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.dll
d:\users\james gordon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TurnbacedTileEngine\TurnbacedTileEngine\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.dll
d:\users\james gordon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TurnbacedTileEngine\TurnbacedTileEngine\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.dll
d:\users\james gordon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TurnbacedTileEngine\TurnbacedTileEngine\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.dll
d:\users\james gordon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TurnbacedTileEngine\TurnbacedTileEngine\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.dll
d:\users\james gordon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TurnbacedTileEngine\TurnbacedTileEngine\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.RawInput.dll
d:\users\james gordon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TurnbacedTileEngine\TurnbacedTileEngine\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.dll
d:\users\james gordon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TurnbacedTileEngine\TurnbacedTileEngine\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.xml
d:\users\james gordon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TurnbacedTileEngine\TurnbacedTileEngine\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.xml
d:\users\james gordon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TurnbacedTileEngine\TurnbacedTileEngine\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.xml
d:\users\james gordon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TurnbacedTileEngine\TurnbacedTileEngine\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.xml
d:\users\james gordon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TurnbacedTileEngine\TurnbacedTileEngine\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.xml
d:\users\james gordon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TurnbacedTileEngine\TurnbacedTileEngine\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.xml
d:\users\james gordon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TurnbacedTileEngine\TurnbacedTileEngine\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.xml
d:\users\james gordon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TurnbacedTileEngine\TurnbacedTileEngine\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.xml
d:\users\james gordon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TurnbacedTileEngine\TurnbacedTileEngine\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.RawInput.xml
d:\users\james gordon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TurnbacedTileEngine\TurnbacedTileEngine\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.xml
d:\users\james gordon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TurnbacedTileEngine\TurnbacedTileEngine\obj\x86\Debug\TurnbacedTileEngine.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
d:\users\james gordon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TurnbacedTileEngine\TurnbacedTileEngine\obj\x86\Debug\TurnbacedTileEngine.exe
d:\users\james gordon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TurnbacedTileEngine\TurnbacedTileEngine\obj\x86\Debug\TurnbacedTileEngine.pdb
d:\users\james gordon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TurnbacedTileEngine\TurnbacedTileEngine\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\B1.xnb
d:\users\james gordon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TurnbacedTileEngine\TurnbacedTileEngine\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\B2.xnb
d:\users\james gordon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TurnbacedTileEngine\TurnbacedTileEngine\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\B3.xnb
d:\users\james gordon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TurnbacedTileEngine\TurnbacedTileEngine\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\B4.xnb
d:\users\james gordon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TurnbacedTileEngine\TurnbacedTileEngine\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\B5.xnb
d:\users\james gordon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TurnbacedTileEngine\TurnbacedTileEngine\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\B6.xnb
d:\users\james gordon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TurnbacedTileEngine\TurnbacedTileEngine\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Outline.xnb
d:\users\james gordon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TurnbacedTileEngine\TurnbacedTileEngine\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Times New Roman.xnb
d:\users\james gordon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TurnbacedTileEngine\TurnbacedTileEngine\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\interface.xnb
d:\users\james gordon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TurnbacedTileEngine\TurnbacedTileEngine\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\bar.xnb
